# 3.4 Register View Example

Many kudos on implementing the logic for switching between the Login and Registration View. If you experience difficulties with understanding a function, it totally helps to take it apart in and have a look at it in small pieces.

`setSelectedMovie` is called with a param, this param is set to the state of MainView, this state change triggers a rerender / your render() function. You render components based on your state. The MovieView is rendered when selectedMovie is truthy, when selectedMovie is falsy MovieCards are rendered.

As a Developer is an essential skill to try and find solutions for your own. This will build the self confidence that you are able to write code yourself without any examples. As in real life you will be writing code that has not been written before :).

The logic you implemented is totally fine the way you did it. It is really awesome you went the extra mile for this. Currently you wrote 2 new functions that almost do the same in the Login and Registration View and can not be reused elsewhere.

You could consider doing it in one function in the Main View:

```
    toggleRegisterView(e) {
        e.preventDefault();
        this.setState({
            registered: !this.state.registered,
            user: !this.state.user
        });
    }

``` 

and passing it into your component like so:
`if (!registered) return <RegistrationView onRegistered={registered => this.onRegistered(registered)} clickHandler={(e) => this.toggleRegisterView(e)} />;`

and call the `clickHandler` onClick like so:
` <button onClick={(e)=>props.clickHandler(e)}>Sign In</button>`

Note: The  reason I needed to call the `  e.preventDefault();` is because you are using the `form` tag. This triggers a page reload when calling a button inside. When you use a `div` instead of the `form` you don't need to pass the event.


#cf/immersion/task_3_4